# `v0.3.x` Uploads!

> Build the Upload Backend.

`6 November 2023` - `26 November 2023`

### `v0.3.0` Clones!

`12 November 2023`

This release lays the groundwork for the repo uploading feature. It adds an endpoint to the backend that can accept `Repo` objects
which are cloned into a directory named by a UUID, then just deleted. I also added a nice menu component and Vercel Analytics.

[Pull Request](https://github.com/t-eckert/devy/pull/11)

#### Frontend

- Create a nice menu component.

#### Backend

- Add an entity for uploads.
- Add an `Uploader` to the backend state.
- Enable the backend to use a Git binary in the environment.
- Add `POST` `/v1/uploads` route.
- Uploads sent to the `/v1/uploads` route are cloned into random directories under `/tmp`.
- Allow for setting the `CALLBACK_URL` by environment variable.
- Add a stubbed "follwers" and "following" page.

#### Development

- Add [Vecel Analytics](https://vercel.com/analytics) to the frontend.

### `v0.3.1` Hookshot!

`13 November 2023`

Updates to blogs will primarily be triggered by GitHub webhooks. "Hookshot!" adds an endpoint `/v1/webhooks` that accepts webhooks and
properly routes them to the `Uploader` if they are a GitHub push event.

[Pull Request](https://github.com/t-eckert/devy/pull/12)

#### Backend

- POSTs to /v1/webhooks create the webhook in the database and hand off to the uploader if the webhook is a push

### `v0.3.2` Posts!

`16 November 2023`

Updates now create `Post` entities from the markdown files cloned down from the repo. The post gets assigned to the blog and user who made it.
Unfortunately, in this initial state posts will just be created continuously, new ones for every repo.
This can't be encountered in production because there is no way to create a `Repo` entity which joins the `Upload` to the `Blog` without
manually editing the database. The upload process will abort early without this entity.

[Pull Request](https://github.com/t-eckert/devy/pull/13)

#### Backend

- Markdown files in a cloned repository get uploaded as posts to the database.


### `v0.3.3` Toggle!

`20 November 2023`

This release is mostly frontend focused. I mostly needed some time away from the backend upload work to refresh my brain creatively.
Many of the components I've developed have been designed with a light mode in mind. This release actually allows you to toggle the
theme back and forth.

Outside of the code, I fixed an issue where logging into the production version of the site would bring you back to the dev version
on success.

[Pull Request](https://github.com/t-eckert/devy/pull/15)

#### Frontend

- Add a toggle component.
- Improve the look of tabs in the feed.
- Add a tasteful border to the bottom of the header.
- Improve the look of rendered markdown.
- Added a light/dark theme toggle.

### `v0.3.4` Deserialize!

`21 November 2023`

There was an issue when a user would log in with a GitHub profile that was missing one or more of the fields that I had set up in the struct
representing a GitHub user. This would silently fail log in and the user would not be created. Special thanks to [Paul Straw](https://github.com/paulstraw)
for reporting this bug.

[Pull Request](https://github.com/t-eckert/devy/pull/16)

#### Frontend

- Add "Likes" to the Post page.
- Show a different navigation menu if the user is logged out.

#### Backend

- Fix an bug that occurred when a user tried to log in but had a null value for one of their GitHub metadata fields.


## `v0.3.5` Turkey!

`26 November 2023`

This is a small update with a lot of internal refactoring. I wanted to ship a fix to the way profile details were displayed.

[Pull Request](https://github.com/t-eckert/devy/pull/18)

#### Frontend

- Create a `MemberCard` for showing a user's profile.

#### Backend

- Rework the Feeds API to have `/feeds` broken down into `/feeds/id/config` and `/feeds/id/posts`.
